what are you doing
you them growling for you'd have
like you've never been fed before hey
mister piggy
hey mr. pig pig you are like eating too
much here to defrost hey well we're
gonna have to take this away from you
because you're already fat buddy you're
gonna get really mad too huh we'll give
it to me Hey hmm bad food Oh
if you wonder you're so fat hey hey it's
like man I stink
you're so naughty naughty Khun na dear
at school no more mr. happy pants come
on mr. happy pants come on come back oh
good boy
there's a naughty Chrome we need to go
in their room one's messy layin okay
climb up to the top you need to go back
okay go back behind your washer Fat Boy
hey barely fit back there a piggy okay
okay
eat too much cake
you take a nap